README.md, before:

# Stencila VSCode Extension Demo

## Launching the demo

Welcome to the demo GitHub Codespace for the Stencila VSCode extension. You can launch the demo, in a data center near you, by clicking this button:

[![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://codespaces.new/stencila/demo-codespace?quickstart=1)

## Interactive walkthroughs

When the Codespace is open we recommend trying one of our interactive walkthroughs. Press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>F1</kbd> to bring up the Stencila command palette and select from one of the walkthroughs.

## Installed languages and packages

This Codespace includes Python and R with popular data science packages installed:

- Python: `numpy`, `matplotlib`, `pandas`, `requests`

- R: `tidyverse`

If you'd like to try this demo with other languages or packages [create an issue](https://github.com/stencila/demo-codespace/issues/new), or submit a PR with changes to the [Dockerfile](https://github.com/stencila/demo-codespace/edit/main/.devcontainer/Dockerfile).

Commit message:

docs(*): improvements to README and welcome files

README.md, after:

# Stencila VSCode Extension Demo

Welcome to the demo GitHub Codespace for the Stencila VSCode extension. This demo is intended for those who want to try out the extension without installing it and/or VSCode.

## Launching the demo

You can launch the demo, in a data center near you, by clicking this button:

[![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://codespaces.new/stencila/demo-codespace?quickstart=1)

## Installed languages and packages

This Codespace includes Python and R with popular data science packages installed:

- Python: `numpy`, `matplotlib`, `pandas`, `requests`

- R: `tidyverse`

If you think we should add other languages or packages [create an issue](https://github.com/stencila/demo-codespace/issues/new), or submit a PR with changes to the [Dockerfile](https://github.com/stencila/demo-codespace/edit/main/.devcontainer/Dockerfile).

## Customizing the Codespace

You can [create a fork](https://github.com/stencila/demo-codespace/fork) of this repository and modify the following files to customize the environment:

- add language runtimes and packages to `.devcontainer/Dockerfile`

- add VSCode extensions to `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json`

We are [planning](https://github.com/stencila/demo-codespace/issues/3) to make it easier to fork and customize this repository in the future.
